---
layout: base
title: About

---

My name is Ulrik Bonde and I am a bachelor student at
[The Department of Computer Sciences at the University of Copenhagen](http://diku.dk).

This site offers a scary amount of insight to my everyday life. You can see how
pissed I was last weekend on [Facebook](http://www.facebook.com/ulrik.bonde),
get a hint of my musical preferences and general mood on
[last.fm](http://last.fm/user/ulrik_polak), check out which job I recently
quited at [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/in/ulrikbonde) and finally have a
look at what I'am *really* doing here at [GitHub](http://github.com/bonde/).

### My troublesome childhood

I've always been somewhat fascinated by computers. I remember playing Frogger on
our old Atari, making an old television emitting permanent racing car-sounds
because of playing to much PitStop, old fashion 'copy-paste' of several hundred
lines of code to have the printer hooked up to the Commodore 128 print out an
UFO and spending too much time playing Monkey Island on the Amiga. We also had a
PC, an IBM of some sort, and the same old 'clikety-click'-keyboard still serves
me to this day.

I don't think I was allowed to play computer all day. My mother insisted that my
eyes would turn rectangular by looking at the TV for too long and I believed
her. I was sent outside to play, even on rainy days. Now seems like a good time
to reveal that I was raised on the countryside in [Snekkerup][snekkerup]
with 11 kilometers to the closest major city, [Slagelse][slagelse].

### Playing music

At some time I decided that I was gonna play music and I wanted to play the
bass. Living in relatively isolated place provided good conditions for
practicing undisturbed. Eventually I became rather successful with this and
settled on enrollment at the Rhythmic Music Conservatory after having finished
the danish equivalent of high school at the School of Commerce in Slagelse. By
coincidence I enrolled at MGK. MGK is a three year course that serves as an
introduction to further musical studies. I finished the first year, but realized
rather early on that I really didn't like being educated in music. In the end I
think it was a matter of stylistic differences and the fact that in the minds of
these educators some music is *just good* with no critical reflection whatsoever.

Anyways, I had now decided not to pursue a musical education. My backup plan was
to study *something with computers*. When the time was up I sent my application
to the Department of Computer Sciences in Copenhagen. I pulled myself together
and bought a new computer as I was actually still clamping on the old IBM
keyboard (the actual computer had been upgraded to a 166MHz but we're in 2006 at
this time!).

### Introducing Linux

Well, new computer and an extra hard disc as I had decided that I was fed up
with Microsoft Windows. I read through some books on Linux and tried my luck
with OpenSuse 9.1. It worked, sorta, but it was not fully functional. I received
a phone call from the tutors from Computer Science asking me if I was attending
the introduction trip. Apparently I expressed my frustration over Suse and I was
recommended to try out Ubuntu (then Dapper Drake). My stationary computer have
not changed operating system since. The discovery of *nix operating system and
the open source community have opened a whole new world for me.

Likewise, the studies at Computer Science have also opened my eyes. I was very
weary when I agreed to attend the introduction. I thought: *"A whole week in an
isolated cottage with nerds can only be boring. I'm just gonna sit hammered in
the corner talking to myself..."*. I was wrong. Wrong indeed. Though it was a
week in an isolated cottage with nerds (some 28 males) it certainly wasn't
boring.

### Computer Science

Even more bable...

### Recap

From this introduction we can conclude that I am a very dull, pityfull existence with
a serious deficiency regarding humor and social skills. I have a serious problem
with irony which is why you now are wondering what to make of this text...

<!-- Links -->

[snekkerup]: http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&source=s_q&hl=en&geocode=&q=Snekkerup,+4200+Slagelse&sll=55.492957,11.895018&sspn=0.028688,0.072098&ie=UTF8&hq=&hnear=Snekkerup,+Denmark&ll=55.322504,11.373253&spn=0.057624,0.144196&z=13
[slagelse]: http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&source=s_q&hl=en&geocode=&q=Slagelse,+Denmark&sll=55.322504,11.373253&sspn=0.057624,0.144196&ie=UTF8&hq=&hnear=Slagelse,+Denmark&z=13

<!-- vim: set sw=2 ft=mkd sts=2 et tw=80: -->
